The Joe Rogan experience.
So you are working there and while you're working there,
you're under this crazy schedule. Forgive me for explaining your story,
but you, uh, would get these phone calls. You would have to go to the,
to the airport at 11:00 PM and your wife of thinking that
you were having an affair.
Yeah, apparently. So, um, now I did give my permission to have,
you know, as, as part of the, you know, security clearance process, um,
I,
I gave written permission to have the phones monitored and things of that sort.
So they weren't doing any covert stuff. They, um, you know,
with any Q clearance or which is civilian top secret clearance or military
top secret clearance, they go talk to friends and, you know,
place places you've been, make sure you're not connected to foreign countries,
but, you know, monitoring your phone is nothing unusual. However,
they insisted that, you know, you'd,
don't even talk to your loved one to your partner, to your wife,
whatever about what's going on.
So she was essentially in the dark and didn't know the phone was being
monitored. Well,
part of the security clearance is that not only do you not have any
connections to foreign countries and aren't a maniac,
but you have to have a stable home life too. Uh, well,
she started having an affair with a flight instructor.
Now they were monitoring this on the phone and they knew it and I didn't.
So they stopped me coming in and their attitude at the time was,
um,
we need to see how this is gonna play out and if Laars gonna get a little weird
or anything thing, so let's just, you know,
hold him off from coming in and, uh, you know, see what happens. And.
They explained this to you. What was happening.
Well after the fact? Yeah,
cuz time kind of went on and there were guys that were following me
around and I started getting a little concerned going, well,
are they booting me out of the project? And if so,
they're not just gonna let me hang out at home and go get a new job,
knowing what I know. So as time went on,
I started getting a little concerned and I took my closest friends and just kind
of got together. And I said, Hey,
remember that job I told you about this is what's going on. And uh,
like, you don't need to take my word for it Wednesday night.
We need to all go out here. I wanna show you what's going on.
So I took everybody and we went out to, um,
remember since I had the test flight schedule and went outside the base, um,
out desert. And so everybody could see, you know,
one of the high performance tests and uh, you know,
it left quite an imprint on everybody. So they knew I wasn't and there's videos.
Of these tests. Right?
Yeah. But remember this is in the, it's in, in the dark,
in the eighties with a big monster size cam quarter.
And you got mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, a bright light jumping around.
But uh, yeah. I mean, we did video of it, but there's no by today's standards.
It's but is.
Your video specifically available the video that you took?
Yeah. Well, George nap has it it's is it, do you know? I have no idea, Jeremy.
Yeah.
I show clips of it in my film it's it's online and someone did a deep analysis
of it. Uh, it was interesting, uh, to take a look at how pull this microphone.
Up your face. Tell me about a fist from your face.
Right. Um, you know, to see how his video looks now,
but as far as video evidence, I mean, we're, we are talking eighties,
camp points. The most important thing is the human story here,
everybody that he took a up there on three separate occasions.
They don't all like each other. They don't all talk.
They all agree on one thing.
They saw something that night at the exact point in time and space that Bob boar
said, and remember, this is 17, 15, 17 miles south of air 51,
no one even knew really about air 51. We're talking PAOO lake.
And they all agree. They saw something that night they had never seen before.
And they've never seen since right when he said it.
So that's one of like the six things where I'm like,
how did he know you can dismiss him? I, I tried to dismiss it,
but some things we can't get around and, and there's about five or six of them.
How.
Did he know about those? If Jamie wants to find that video right now,
what would he look under?
Bobar UFO S four area 51,
just kind of like that. Uh, so it's like the S for UFO video, Bob Lazar,
and a guy does an analysis, but you're analyzing these eighties videos,
right? He, he, from the very beginning, Bob never said,
I have proof of my story and I'm gonna tell the world.
He said at the very beginning, I cannot prove my story.
That's not why I'm telling this.
George nap convinced him to tell people and he lived through it. And I,
I didn't believe it either until I, I talked with George.
Okay. So you, you film these,
this test flight one test flight, and then you get caught.
Actually it was, I think the third time, because it,
we went out there the first time everybody saw it,
everybody was amaz cuz it did some radical maneuvers. And um, you know,
everybody had a lot to say.
About it, maneuvers that I've seen, I've seen the video. It doesn't,
I don't think there's something we have now that does that. No,
in terms of like a human piloted craft, I don't know,
obviously with the government, no.
It's, it's impossible. Nothing can move like that.
And remember we didn't start filming from the very beginning, you know, the,
we were waiting for something, you know, to happen.
The craft took off and then came flying at us, stopped, you know,
turned it or Ang flew back. And then, you know, after it did some, you know,
amazing stuff to get the camera and then we started filming.
So it doesn't have all of it on there. It just has some the.
Way I describe it to my friends and they said, what does it look like I said,
take a laser pointer and then have a wall and then move it around the wall.
Like, you know how it moves around the wall.
It doesn't seem like it has anything to do with inertia or physics or it's not
impeded in any way by the atmosphere.
Yeah. That's what it looked like. You're essentially separated from reality,
as crazy as that sounds with being in,
in case it's own gravitational envelope, inertia is not gonna affect it.
And you know, this is, uh,
this is how some of those recent sightings with commander David FRA,
I'm sure you've heard of the TTAC U UFO. I mean,
he describes exactly that the thing operates exactly the way I was describing.
That's why, uh, he was interested to talk to me. Um,
but we saw this and you know, on the way home, it's like, what,
Hey, we got away with it. We should try it again. The next test flight date.
So this became a thing to do. And I think it was on the,
the third time that we got caught. I mean,
we started becoming a little careless.
I think we took a motor home out there <laugh> and you know, I mean,
it was like the stupidest thing you could possibly imagine started tailgating.
Yeah. It was ridiculous. And um, again, you're in your twenties. Yeah.
And you know, what was funny was, um,
we went out there and my friend, gene Huff,
and I were leaning on the front of a vehicle.
And just for some reason we just started talking
like, uh, well, I hope the, they realized that, uh,
I don't remember what we were saying,
but you know that something about attacking the base or something along
those lines and stealing the, the craft or something like that crazy.
And um, then about 20 feet in front of us,
we see a little green light fall on the ground and roll to us
and unbeknownst to us now it's pitch black.
You can't see your hand in front of your face.
There were a bunch of guards standing right out there and they had a night
vision scope where they were like from here to the wall, looking at us,
listening to us and the guy dropped it and the scope rolled over to us and you
could see the green screen <laugh>, you know,
we turned the lights on and all these guys are there. So it was uh, whoa.
Yeah. Yeah. So we did incredibly stupid stuff and got caught as we should have,
cuz it was stupid. So when they catch.
You and they bring you in.
Then what happens? Well, I went in for debriefing the following day,
I went to Indian Springs air force base,
which is kind of a defunct base that they used to use at the nuclear
test site. And this is when they brought out, um,
the transcript of the phone call with my wife and
you know, they sat me down and we said, you know,
when we meant to keep the secret, we meant you can't tell your friends. Right.
You know? And it just being sarcastic and trying to mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
and then out real serious. Uh, but this is where they, you know,
took the transcript out and were reading me what, uh,
my wife and, you know, our friend were talking about.
And uh, I don't know. It was a hard.
Time. So what happens from there? What do they do with you?
Why don't they arrest you? Don't.
They arrest? I don't friends don't I don't know why. I'm not sure they exactly,
they knew what to do,
but they did let me go that night and I went home and
th this is kind of when the most stress full part started. Cause.
You're realizing that you're being monitored. Yeah. Before.
Seven now. Yeah. Now I know, not only am I being monitored,
but now I know I'm in trouble and uh, it wasn't a short time after that,
that I contacted, you know, at that time,
the only investigative reporter I had heard of in Las Vegas was George kn
and um, you know,
told him some of the story cuz I had no idea what the hell was gonna happen at
that point.
So George NA tries to dissect your story,
tries to find holes in. It tells it,
puts it online and makes everybody aware of it. And that's how I found out.
About it. Yeah. To make a long story short <laugh> what.
What happens? Yeah. To really make a long story short. What, from there on,
I mean, do they contact you and say, Hey Bob, it's probably a good idea.
If you shut up.
Oh.
They try to label you as crazy. Was there.
There boy, there were a lot of things that happened at, you know,
between that point. Um, I'm leaving out a lot of stuff, uh,
to fill in the story. Uh, we'd have to go back to Los Alamos and, and
well, I really don't want to talk about that. The, um.
Top secret weapons stuff that you were working on.
No, I'm talking about the one 15 mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
well, I don't know. I have to think about how I'd.
What is the problem <laugh> with the, I.
Don't, I don't wanna,
I don't wanna get myself into more trouble by admitting something. So, um,
I just have to dance around a couple. He was.
Rated just during the filming of the movie.
People thought it was the movie's great by the way. Thanks Joe. And, uh,
it's Netflix right now. If anybody wants to check it out.